Updated `.pre-commit-config` and `CONTRIBUTING.MD` to Python 3.13 (#2802)
TypedDjango/django-stubs: CONTRIBUTING.md

Run `./scripts/stubtest.sh` to test that stubs and sources are in-line.

We have some special files to allow errors:

1. `scripts/stubtest/allowlist.txt` where we store things that we really don't care about: hacks, django internal utility modules, things that are handled by our plugin, things that are not representable by type system, etc
2. `scripts/stubtest/allowlist_todo.txt` where we store all errors there are right now. Basically, this is a TODO list: we need to work through this list and fix things (or move entries to real `allowlist.txt`). In the end, ideally we can remove this file.

> 3. `scripts/stubtest/allowlist_todo_django51.txt` where we store new errors from the Django 5.0 to 5.2 upgrade. This is an extra TODO list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `scripts/stubtest/allowlist_todo_django52.txt` where we store new errors from the Django 5.0 to 5.2 upgrade. This is an extra TODO list.
```

You might also want to disable `incremental` mode while working on `stubtest` changes.
This mode leads to several known problems (stubs do not show up or have strange errors).

> **Important**: right now we only run `stubtest` on Python 3.13 (because it is the latest released version at the moment), any other versions might generate different outputs. Any work to create per-version allowlists is welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: right now we only run `stubtest` on the latest relased Python version, any other versions might generate different outputs. Any work to create per-version allowlists is welcome.
```

Author: If we were to say this, cant we just remove this line completely? Seems quite redundant
